Add cold start search blog (#3520)
opensearch-project/project-website: _community_members/aswath.md

---
short_name: aswath
name: Aswath Srinivasan
photo: "/assets/media/community/members/aswath.jpg"
title: 'OpenSearch Community Member: Aswath Srinivasan'
primary_title: Aswath Srinivasan
breadcrumbs:
  icon: community
  items:
    - title: Community
      url: /community/index.html
    - title: Members
      url: /community/members/index.html
    - title: 'Aswath Srinivasan&apos;s Profile'
      url: '/community/members/aswath-srinivasan.html'
job_title_and_company: 'Senior Search Engine Architect at AWS focusing on OpenSearch'
personas:
  - author
permalink: '/community/members/aswath-srinivasan.html'
redirect_from: '/authors/aswath/'
---

> **Aswath Srinivasan** is a Senior Search Engine Architect at Amazon Web Services currently based in Munich, Germany. With over 17 years of experience in various search technologies, Aswath currently focuses on OpenSearch. He is a search and open source enthusiast and helps customers and the search community with their search problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Aswath Srinivasan** is a Senior Search Engine Architect at AWS currently based in Munich, Germany. With over 17 years of experience in various search technologies, Aswath currently focuses on OpenSearch. He is a search and open source enthusiast and helps customers and the search community with their search problems.
```
